Change protocol-version confirmation and adoption criteria (#300)
input-output-hk/cardano-chain: specs/ledger/latex/update-mechanism.tex

rule by $\var{bv}$:
\begin{itemize}

> \item The set $\var{bvs}$, containing which genesis keys are ready to adopt a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item The set $\var{bvs}$, containing which block issuers are ready to adopt a
```

Author: Missed that one. Thanks!

  given protocol version, is updated to reflect that the block issuer
  (identified by its verifying key $\var{vk}$) is ready to upgrade to
  $\var{bv}$. Given a pair $(\var{pv}, ~\var{vk}) \in \var{bvs}$, we say that
  (the owner of) key $\var{vk}$ endorses the (proposed) protocol version
  $\var{pv}$.

> \item If there is a significant number of blocks signed with $\var{bv}$

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item If there are a significant number of blocks signed with $\var{bv}$
```

\begin{figure}[htb]
  \begin{equation}
    \label{eq:rule:fads-add}
    \inference
    {
      (\wcard ; (s_c, (\var{pv_c}, \wcard)) \leteq \var{fads}
      \wedge \var{pv_c} < bv) \vee \epsilon = fads
    }
    {
      {
        \left(
          \begin{array}{l}
            \var{fads}
          \end{array}
        \right)
      }
      \trans{fads}{(s_n, (\var{bv}, \var{pps_c}))}
      {
        \left(
          \begin{array}{l}
            \var{fads}; (s_n, (\var{bv}, \var{pps_c}))
          \end{array}
        \right)
      }
    }
  \end{equation}
  %
  \nextdef
  \begin{equation}
    \label{eq:rule:fads-noop}
    \inference
    {

>       \wcard ; (s_c, (\var{pv_c}, \wcard)) \leteq \var{fads} & \var{bv} \leq \var{pv_c}

Reviewer: Again, `s_c` not used here.

Author: Ugh! Thanks to this I realized I had a copy+paste error in this rule: I shouldn't concatenate nothing to `fads`, otherwise the invariant is not maintained!
